Refactor WordPress subdir installation support (#15)
imgeng/image-cdn-wordpress: readme.txt

Contributors: imageengine
Tags: image cdn, cdn, ImageEngine, image optimizer, content delivery network, image convert, avif, webp
Requires at least: 4.6
Tested up to: 5.7
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: trunk
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

== Description ==

[ImageEngine’s Image CDN](https://imageengine.io/?utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_medium=page&utm_term=wp-imageengine&utm_campaign=wp-imageengine) plugin accelerates your WordPress or WooCommerce performance by optimizing images, converting them to WebP, JPEG2000, or AVIF, and delivering them through the ImageEngine content delivery network. The result is smaller image payload, faster page loading, improved Google PageSpeed Insights scores (Speed Index, Largest Contentful Paint, Time to Interactive), and a better user experience leading to more conversions or sales. To use this plugin with the ImageEngine Optimizer CDN, get a [free trial account here](https://imageengine.io/signup?utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_medium=page&utm_term=wp-imageengine&utm_campaign=wp-imageengine).

https://vimeo.com/496085924

= How ImageEngine Works =

> This plugin rewrites your image URLs to include the ImageEngine Delivery Address you recieve when you sign up for an ImageEngine account. This rewrite will allow ImageEngine to access your original images, instantly optimize and convert them, and deliver via the ImageEngine CDN. After configuring and enabling the plug in, image are delivered this way:

Author: Not sure if its worth mentioning, but it also optimizes non-image content, serving CSS, Javascript and Fonts with Brotli compression.

Reviewer: added a paragraph

* When a visitor requests an image, ImageEngine CDN servers use client hints or device detection to identify the requesting devices and browser characteristics.
* Based on the browser characteristics, ImageEngine will resize, compress and convert images to WebP, JPEG 2000, or AVIF.

> * The optimized image is  delivered from the ImageEngine CDN edge. Subsequent requests are served instantly with WebP, JPEG 2000, or AVIF images stored on ImageEngine’s global CDN.

Author: ```suggestion
* The optimized image is delivered from the nearest ImageEngine CDN region. Subsequent requests are served instantly with WebP, JPEG 2000, or AVIF images and stored on ImageEngine's global CDN.
```

= What Makes ImageEngine Better Than Other CDNs or Digital Asset Management Platforms? =

* Delivers optimized WebP, JPEG 2000, or AVIF images 30% faster than other CDNs or Digital Asset Management platforms.
* Achieves up to 80% image payload reduction with no perceptible change in quality.
* Simple to install. Easy to test your configuration before enabling it. No need to move or upload images.
* Only CDN with true device-aware edge servers to drive superior, fine-tuned image optimization.

> * Automatic image optimization of JPG, PNG, GIF, SVG, BMP, TIF into next generation formats like WebP, JPEG 2000, AVIF, Animated WebP, or MP4. You can also safely serve non-image files through ImageEngine.

Author: ```suggestion
* Automatic image optimization of JPG, PNG, GIF, SVG, BMP, TIFF into next-generation formats like WebP, JPEG 2000, AVIF, Animated WebP, or MP4. You can also safely serve non-image content like CSS, Javascript, Fonts and any other files through ImageEngine and they will be served using the cutting-edge Brotli compression, decreasing Total Blocking Time and Time to Interactive.
```

Author: Maybe we should put a note somewhere that this plugin "dramatically reduces that size of heavy WordPress themes and optimizes all of their Javascript, CSS and Fonts using Brotli and HTTP/2".

* **Standard** - $99/month. Up to **250 GB** per month. Includes 3 custom domains (CNAME) with HTTPS support. Priority onboarding support.
* **Pro** - pricing scales with usage volume.  WAF with DDoS protection. Dedicated edge servers available. Ticketed enterprise support. [Contact us](https://imageengine.io/contact?utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_medium=page&utm_term=wp-imageengine&utm_campaign=wp-imageengine).

> = Features & BENEFITS=

Author: Is `BENEFITS` supposed to be in shouty-caps?

Reviewer: probably not... fixing

* Maximize web performance by automatically serving optimized WebP, JPEG 2000, or AVIF images  from a CDN
* Set the WordPress directories that should be included
* Custom filters "image_cdn_url" and "image_cdn_html" included
* Define excluded directories or extensions
* Enable or disable HTTPS support
* Turn on or off quickly without deactivating the plugin
* Test the CDN integration before saving your changes to make sure it will work properly
* Supports [ImageEngine Directives](https://imageengine.io/docs/implementation/directives/?utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_medium=page&utm_term=wp-imageengine&utm_campaign=wp-imageengine). Users of ImageEngine can also configure the Directives for their assets to control image quality, automatic format conversion and automatic image resizing.

> * Compatible with the [WordPress Cache Enabler](https://wordpress.org/plugins/cache-enabler/) plugin, WooCommerce, Elementor and other popular plugins.

Author: Maybe add a line for the page builders that are compatible (Gutenberg, Elementor, WPBakery / Visual Composer, Oxygen Builder, Divi) since these keywords are likely to be searched.

2. Type `ImageEngine` in the search box in the top right corner.
3. Click the "Install Now" button on the Image CDN – WordPress CDN Plugin.
4. Activate the plugin

> 4. Go to `Settings` -> `Image CDN` and follow in the instructions on how to enable the service.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Go to `Settings` -> `Image CDN` and follow the instructions to enable the service.
```
